In this lesson,we're going to look at how you can change
a deployed model without needing to first shut it down.
There are many situations that might arise during the life of
a deployed model that would cause it to no longer function as well.
For example, maybe you're creating a recommendation engine and
its job is to recommend to a user different articles they might find interesting.
Over time, your user could develop new interests,
or maybe old interests no longer apply.
In that case, retraining your model might be a good idea.
Once you do, you will need to deploy that new model and replace the old one.
SageMaker provides functionality to let you do
this without interrupting service to the end-user.
Next, you're going to learn how to use this functionality yourself.